Don't tell me that I haven't eaten that last night...
You haven't eaten that last night?
What is he saying?
Looks like Renzo is missing out on his drink.
The next one will drink the water and hold it.
The next one will let go of the tiger's mouth.
The water will fall.
If you are a foreigner, you should pay for your clothes first.
But the one who is a foreigner is not like that.
He takes the sword that is next to him.
He looks at it and says,
It's not water, but it's safe.
I think it's good.
If you are a customer, it's not bad.
Next, he says something.
I hear this from the shadow.
Ah, Genzo.
Even if he is a foreigner,
I am a samurai.
I don't know if I should say it,
but I think that at that time,
I should be alone.
I don't think it's a good idea for you.
I'm sorry for what I said.
You are so kind.
I don't know how happy I would be if I took it.
I'm sorry.